c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Images\threerings.xnb
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AnimatedSprite.exe
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AnimatedSprite.pdb
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\obj\x86\Debug\AnimatedSprite.exe
c:\users\david.rahl\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\obj\x86\Debug\AnimatedSprite.pdb
c:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\obj\x86\Debug\AnimatedSprite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Images\plus.xnb
c:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Images\skullball.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Audio\boltcollision.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Audio\fourbladescollision.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Audio\pluscollision.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Audio\skullcollision.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Audio\start.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Audio\threebladescollision.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Audio\track.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\Score.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Images\background.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Images\bolt.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Images\fourblades.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Images\threeblades.xnb
C:\Users\david.rahl\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AnimatedSprite\AnimatedSprite\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Audio\track.wma
